Hello, world! I'm Kathir.  

Related to programming and what githubians(..?) might be interested in, I want to make... many things. Here below I have put some of the things I'm looking to creating, with my scattered thoughts on them. A lot of theze are things I wanted to exist, but don't in the exact form I'd like, or don't exist at all.  
- A renderer to render 3D scenes really fast using many combined techniques. Raytracing, rasterizing, pathtracing, and a (currently extremely hypothetical) evolution/mutation based particle denoiser or final-touchupper of some sort which takes some inputs such as depth, colours, current rendered image, light positions, etc. and combines these inputs using swarms of particles which, after many generations have evolved behaviours that can result in a polished image. The whole idea of the renderer is to use the advantages of each technique and combine the fuzzy/quick outputs of each method into something more refined and complete. Let's see how this goes, it's exciting in my head.
- A search engine. Haha. I find semantic search or meaning based search really interesting - it just feels like the right way to look for something, not through "keywords" and other hacky techniques. I have some ideas about how I could go about this, the simpler ones being to use dictionary definitions or/and synonyms of words to expand the searcher's query to include similar words but still do a fulltext search at the back. The more interesting ideas are inspired by word embeddings and how they're used, though the way I would implement something similar to encoding words into numbers would be through simpler statistical ways or through evolution inspired mutations to capture the relationships/"distances" between words or sentences better. Also, relating to the results I would rather have more human results show up, such as blogs or forum discussions, even other interesting personal sites. I've been collecting interesting sites into my bookmarks, so that they can be used as seed sites for my crawler. I also want it to search through pdfs, books, poetry available online as well, possibly from sites like gutenberg and others. I had this thought that every search could have a short few lines pulled up from some literary passage, relevant to the question. My ideas for this go on and on, so let me stop here.
- An animation tool. More specifically, a tool that lets you animate easily and intuitively using a skeleton based system in 2D, though other than only being able to attach images or shapes to the separate "bones", there will be a "flesh" around each which can be edited to change thickness, shape, outline, colour/texture, etc. And then I have some thoughts on how the animation process will be different, it won't exactly be keyframe based, but similar - using "pathways" for interpolating between two positions for more control than simpler transformations. The bones will be inherently "rigged" and can be manipulated more realistically without extra effort. There will be some physics for elements affected by gravity or artificial forces and there could be a "stiffness" parameter that if you lower, could result in clothlike movements.
- A game. I always wanted to make a full game, a 2D "platformer" of some kind. I don't want to use a game engine that already offers high-level features such as godot or unity or whatnot. I'm thinking of using something like Raylib, because, similar to Scratch, it gives you the freedom to do what you like, and integrate it deeply into the entire game. Everything can be accessed and tweaked. I want to have characters that are fluid, and procedural. Not predrawn sprites, I want them to interact with the game like only something programmed can do. I am thinking of a game where stealth and cunning are the most important. So the character can interact with the environment in various ways, not only walk or run on platforms (cz that's boring), but be able to climb stuff, crawl into places, hang from things, have to maintain balance on certain elements, be able to use dynamic components of the environment to their advantage, cut or break stuff, fix or extend stuff, even use the physics of items (bounciness, slipperiness, springiness) to achieve goals, even use elements such as fire and water to affect the surrounding. I want to have deeper backstories behind the world of the game, and also make the game inspired by nature, I don't want it to be something fixed and static, the game should be *alive* - everything should be able to change and adapt.
  
There's so much more to each of these, and there are more ideas that keep swirling up and wanting to come alive, but above you have a peek at the ones currently circling my head.\
I also have a website, with almost nothing in it ~ https://kat.yay.boo/  
I would probably like to keep a blog of some kind, maybe if I have the  t  i  m  e... ;P  
